README.md, before:

Emissions API Documentation
===========================

## Resources

The following sections contain a list of various ressources that might be useful to the project.

### Data Sources

- [Copernicus Open Access Hub
  ](https://scihub.copernicus.eu/)
- [Sentinal 5 Data Hub
  ](https://s5phub.copernicus.eu/dhus/#/home)

### Documentation

- [Sentinal 5P Data Products
  ](https://sentinel.esa.int/web/sentinel/missions/sentinel-5p/data-products)
- [Sentinel 5P Level 2 Product User Manual Carbon Monoxide
  ](http://www.tropomi.eu/sites/default/files/files/Sentinel-5P-Level-2-Product-User-Manual-Carbon-Monoxide_v1.00.02_20180613.pdf)
  Chapter 6 describes tools
- [NetCDF file format and tool descriptions
  ](Sentinel-5P-Level-2-Product-User-Manual)
  
### Tools

- [Panoply netCDF, HDF and GRIB Data Viewer
  ](https://www.giss.nasa.gov/tools/panoply/)
- [Search and download Copernicus Sentinel satellite images
  ](https://github.com/sentinelsat/sentinelsat)
- [GDAL is a translator library for raster and vector geospatial data formats
  ](https://gdal.org/)
- [GeoJSON is a format for encoding a variety of geographic data structures.
  ](https://geojson.org/)
- [leafletjs: an open-source JavaScript library for mobile-friendly interactive maps (for rendering)
  ](https://leafletjs.com/)
- [Sentinel-atmospheric Toolbox (BEAT)
  ](https://sentinel.esa.int/web/sentinel/toolboxes/sentinel-atmospheric)
  "provides scientists with tools for ingesting, processing, and analyzing atmospheric remote sensing data"
- [PostGIS - spatial database extender for PostgreSQL object-relational database
  ](https://postgis.net/)
- [Mapbender - a content management system for geospatial data services and map applications
  ](https://mapbender3.org/)
- [netCDF4](https://unidata.github.io/netcdf4-python/netCDF4/index.html), a python library to parse `.nc` data files

### Articles
- [3rd party article about data journalism based on Sentinel-5P data
  ](https://www.meta-magazin.org/2019/09/05/die-wahrheit-liegt-in-der-luft/)

Commit message:

Make clear this is no tool documentation

README.md, after:

Emissions API: Project Notes
============================

---

This repository contains random notes about the overall project.
It is meant as a *place to keep stuff* for the project members and for general planning.
It is **no** documentation for any of the developed tools or services.

---

## Resources

The following sections contain a list of various ressources that might be useful to the project.

### Data Sources

- [Copernicus Open Access Hub
  ](https://scihub.copernicus.eu/)
- [Sentinal 5 Data Hub
  ](https://s5phub.copernicus.eu/dhus/#/home)

### Documentation

- [Sentinal 5P Data Products
  ](https://sentinel.esa.int/web/sentinel/missions/sentinel-5p/data-products)
- [Sentinel 5P Level 2 Product User Manual Carbon Monoxide
  ](http://www.tropomi.eu/sites/default/files/files/Sentinel-5P-Level-2-Product-User-Manual-Carbon-Monoxide_v1.00.02_20180613.pdf)
  Chapter 6 describes tools
- [NetCDF file format and tool descriptions
  ](Sentinel-5P-Level-2-Product-User-Manual)
  
### Tools

- [Panoply netCDF, HDF and GRIB Data Viewer
  ](https://www.giss.nasa.gov/tools/panoply/)
- [Search and download Copernicus Sentinel satellite images
  ](https://github.com/sentinelsat/sentinelsat)
- [GDAL is a translator library for raster and vector geospatial data formats
  ](https://gdal.org/)
- [GeoJSON is a format for encoding a variety of geographic data structures.
  ](https://geojson.org/)
- [leafletjs: an open-source JavaScript library for mobile-friendly interactive maps (for rendering)
  ](https://leafletjs.com/)
- [Sentinel-atmospheric Toolbox (BEAT)
  ](https://sentinel.esa.int/web/sentinel/toolboxes/sentinel-atmospheric)
  "provides scientists with tools for ingesting, processing, and analyzing atmospheric remote sensing data"
- [PostGIS - spatial database extender for PostgreSQL object-relational database
  ](https://postgis.net/)
- [Mapbender - a content management system for geospatial data services and map applications
  ](https://mapbender3.org/)
- [netCDF4](https://unidata.github.io/netcdf4-python/netCDF4/index.html), a python library to parse `.nc` data files

### Articles
- [3rd party article about data journalism based on Sentinel-5P data
  ](https://www.meta-magazin.org/2019/09/05/die-wahrheit-liegt-in-der-luft/)
